Fix Curve pool tokens being double counted (#2784)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`2781` From this version and on, attempting to open a new global DB with an older rotki version will not be allowed and the app will crash with an error message.
* :bug:`2773` Timestamps will be correctly read for trades in the Kraken exchange.
* :bug:`2775` Ambiguous FTX assets will now be properly recognized by rotki.

> * :bug:`2767` Curve pools' token will not be double counted in the balance snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`2767` Curve pool tokens will not be double counted in the dashboard balances.
```
